[DOCS] Updates how the GX Cloud Beta is referenced in the Quickstart guide. (#7594)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.md

Once you have completed this guide you will have a foundation in the basics of using GX.  In the future you will be able to adapt GX to suit your specific needs by customizing the execution of the individual steps you will learn here.

:::info Great Expectations Cloud
This guide is intended to introduce you to the open source Python and command line use of Great Expectations.  GX also offers an online interface, currently in Beta.  The GX Cloud interface significantly simplifies collaboration between data teams and domain experts.

> If you are interested in GX Cloud, you should join the GX Cloud Beta.  During this program limited seats are available, but joining the queue will keep you informed of the product's process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in GX Cloud, you should join the GX Cloud Beta.  During this program limited seats are available, but signing up will keep you informed of the product's process.
```

> If you are interested in GX Cloud, you should join the GX Cloud Beta program.  During this program limited seats are available, but joining the queue will keep you informed of the product's process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in GX Cloud, you should join the GX Cloud Beta.  During this program limited seats are available, but signing up will keep you informed of the product's process.
```

> **[Sign up for the GX Cloud Beta program!](https://greatexpectations.io/cloud)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Sign up for the GX Cloud Beta!](https://greatexpectations.io/cloud)**
```
